feat: add faqs (#39)
teamhanko/docs: community-support/faq.mdx

---
title: FAQ
description: Collection of common questions that Hanko users get.
---

<AccordionGroup>
<Accordion title="Is Hanko open-source?">
Yes, Hanko is open-source.
</Accordion>

<Accordion title="What is Hanko Cloud?">
Hanko Cloud provides a hosted Hanko backend, simplifying the initiation and management of new Hanko projects. It comes with out-of-the-box user management and analytics.
</Accordion>

<Accordion title="Can I self-host Hanko?">
  Yes, you can self-host. Please refer to this
  [guide](https://github.com/teamhanko/hanko/tree/main/backend#hanko-backend).
</Accordion>

<Accordion title="How can I integrate Hanko to my app?">
  Check out our [quickstart guides](/quickstarts/fullstack/next) to help you
  integrate Hanko with your favorite frameworks.
</Accordion>

> <Accordion title="Can I integrate Hanko to a Mobile app?">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Accordion title="Can I integrate Hanko to a mobile app?">
```

> Yes, you can. However, we currently do not have custom SDKs for technologies like React Native, Flutter. These are on our roadmap for future development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, you can. However, we currently do not have SDKs for Swift, Kotlin, React Native, or Flutter. These are on our roadmap for future development. In the meantime, you can make your mobile client work directly with the Hanko API, but it's a bit more work on your end.
```
